codelabs: add details about fixed OIDs to SQL function codelab (#106033)
cockroachdb/cockroach: docs/codelabs/00-sql-function.md

our function returns a string. The implementation of our function is currently
unfinished, so we’ll return an error for now.

Go ahead and add the above code to `pkg/sql/sem/builtins/builtins.go`. 

> Now, we need to declare this built-in in `pkg/sql/sem/builtins/fixed_oids.go` also,
> add the declaration in `builtinOidsArray []string` array, go to the end of the array,
> and increment the oid of last builtin by 1(i.e. the number(oid) assigned must be unique)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we need to assign an OID for this built-in in `pkg/sql/sem/builtins/fixed_oids.go`
by adding an entry to the end of the `builtinOidsArray []string` array with the index
equal to the OID of the last current built-in + 1 (OIDs must be unique).
```

``` go
2413: whois(string...) -> string
```

> this indicates that, `whois` is the name of the built-in & it takes variable number of string arguments & return one string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this indicates that `whois` is the name of the built-in, it accepts a variable number of string arguments, and returns one string value.
```
